terraform init -> initialize modules
terraform apply -auto-approve -> creates backend.tf file
terraform init -force-copy -> copy local tfstate to s3 and changes backend config


improvements:
    use vpc with vpc endpoints to deploy lambdas privately.
    use IAM Signature on both api methods to set authorization on requests
    set a custom dns with a proper certificate on APIGW.




tfstate init:

2024-02-08 12:45:49 ⌚  DESKTOP-HU68CVA in ~/repositorios/kantox/tf-kantox-challenge-jedicouncil/terraform
± |main U:7 ?:1 ✗| → terraform init

Initializing the backend...
Acquiring state lock. This may take a few moments...
Do you want to copy existing state to the new backend?
  Pre-existing state was found while migrating the previous "local" backend to the
  newly configured "s3" backend. No existing state was found in the newly
  configured "s3" backend. Do you want to copy this state to the new "s3"
  backend? Enter "yes" to copy and "no" to start with an empty state.

  Enter a value: yes

Releasing state lock. This may take a few moments...

Successfully configured the backend "s3"! Terraform will automatically
use this backend unless the backend configuration changes.
Initializing modules...

Initializing provider plugins...
- Reusing previous version of hashicorp/aws from the dependency lock file
- Reusing previous version of hashicorp/local from the dependency lock file
- Reusing previous version of hashicorp/time from the dependency lock file
- Reusing previous version of hashicorp/external from the dependency lock file
- Reusing previous version of hashicorp/null from the dependency lock file
- Using previously-installed hashicorp/time v0.10.0
- Using previously-installed hashicorp/external v2.3.2
- Using previously-installed hashicorp/null v3.2.2
- Using previously-installed hashicorp/aws v5.35.0
- Using previously-installed hashicorp/local v2.4.1

Terraform has been successfully initialized!

You may now begin working with Terraform. Try running "terraform plan" to see
any changes that are required for your infrastructure. All Terraform commands
should now work.

If you ever set or change modules or backend configuration for Terraform,
rerun this command to reinitialize your working directory. If you forget, other
commands will detect it and remind you to do so if necessary.


list of modules used:
